---
layout: post
title: "Project LIBRA (First Draft) - Ch. 1, Pt. 1"
date: 2017-05-21
---

## Prologue

Life is a strange thing. Full of twists and turns, full of monotonous and boring
routines, full of unexpected events. Mine just happened to be more fast paced
than most. But still, as I slowly fade away, I remain confused as to how things
turned out how they did, and even more confused about who I am, and how I feel
about the way I lived my life. My best friend, before she took her last breath,
told me that life was like a performance. You work your heart out practicing
and training. Then after a fleeting moment, all your efforts create something
beautiful, or end up not having any meaning at all. *Live to have no regrets.*

I don't know whether or not my efforts paid off or not. All I know is that I'm
tired of this ridiculously long life of mine. The number of regrets that I have
about my actions and decisions seems like an ocean compared to the number of
achievements that I'm proud of. But still, those miniscule moments seem to be
the only thing that kept me going for so long.

I've williningly tarnished my reputation and image. I've been branded as a devil
and a demon. I can't disagree with those titles after all I've done, but to some
extent, I enjoy it. The least I could do to atone for my sins was to take the
hits for those that gave me salvation.

Thousand of years from now, I hope the chronicles of our adventures fade away
with time, this civilization consumed by the next. I hope the same mistakes
aren't made again. But alas, of course, history will repeat itself. I leave
behind this manuscript to those who find it, in the hopes that the future will
learn from our mistakes.

## Chapter 1

I steeled my nerves as I took a step forward, raising my arm, preparing to
strike.

"Please... Please, I have a family! Don't do this!" My victim squirmed in the
corner of the room, eyes wide with fear. Her voice was quivering as she pleaded
more and more.

One more step forward. The muscles in my right arm tensed.

"Please, no! I promise! I'll give you as much money as you want! I'll make any
political decisions you want! Please, don't take me away from my family!"

She was crying, her mind breaking. I could feel the turmoil in her mind, as she
struggled to accept her impending death.

One more step forward. I was within striking distance now. Her pleas and cries
seemed louder and unending. I shifted the grip on the handle of my katana.

"Please, no! No! NO! N-"

*Shkk!* The blood splattered on the wall as I slashed her throat. I stood still
for a moment, as it was suddenly silent. No more cries, no more scrambling
thoughts, nor more screaming.

Peace and quiet. *How tranquil.* A light breeze came through the window, the
moonlight illuminating the mess that was the study. Papers and books scattered
on the floor, chairs and desks flipped over. I waded through the mess and
exitted the room, walking down the hallway strewn with the bodies of all the
guards that I'd killed just minutes ago.

I walked out the front door of the mansion and stopped.

"The mission?" A rough, deep, masculine voice sounded from my left.

"Completed. No survivors. The message was delivered." I responded in a calm
tone.

"Good work, Fem. Let's head to the pickup location." The captain boosted himself
off the wall he was leaning on and leapt forward, walking down the path towards
the forest.

I stayed still for a little longer, basking under the comfort of the moonlight.
Taking a deep breath, I looked down at my left hand. Symbols appeared in glowing
white glyphs. *r=1.04. t=2.599e12* Not bad. I started breathing normally again
as I followed the captain into the forest.

**----**

President Cathleen Brian. Newly elected political figure. Extremely high public
ratings. Mother of 3 kids, and sister of another well known politician. Also my
latest victim.

I've been an assassin for several years now. Part of a criminal syndicate that
strived to disrupt any peace or stagnation that may occur throughout the world.
Political figures, religious leaders, business leaders, corporations, and even
superheroes were among our many targets. Throughout our civilization's long
history, we have caused many historical... events, many of which have had
enormous impacts on human history. To the world, we were known simply as The
Revenants. Why? Because every time the organization is supposedly squashed or
destroyed, we appear again, only to cause more chaos.

After the truck picked me and the Captain up at the rendezvous site, I was
brought to a safe house. Walking in, I beelined towards my room. *4 people. 1
3 in the living room.* As I walked past the living room, a loud obnoxious voice
hollered at me.

"Hey Fem! How'd it go?"

I ignored him and kept walking towards my room. Azazel sprung out of the couch
and ran at me.

"Stop giving me the cold shoulder babe! Talk to me!" He put his hand on my
shoulder.

*Thud!* He dropped on the floor as I spun around swept his feet from under him
and shove his chest downwards.

"I'm not *babe*, Azazel. I'm your teammate, nothing more, nothing less. Stop
being friendly with me. I hate fake people." I said in a low voice into his ear.

"Alright, fine. How was the mission? You took a bit longer than usual. You
aren't losing your touch are you?" He said, in a serious tone, worlds apart than
his excessively friendly voice from before. **If you're losing your touch, I
***will*** kill you.**

"Don't worry about it. I wanted some alone time. It was nice out tonight." I
stood up and held my hand out. He ignored it and propped himself off the ground.
He walked back into the living room. **I know you can hear me, bitch. Get out of
my head.**

I smiled. *If you'd stop thinking so loudly, it'd be easier.* I responded,
telepathically. I went up to the door of my room, and gripped the doorknob. The
lock clicked and released as the biometric scanners on the knob verified my
identity. Twisting it open, I pushed the oak-disguised steel door open, and shut
it behind me.

My room was pretty spartan, like most private rooms in any of the safe houses
across the world. A bed with plane white sheets, a non-descript lamp, and a
small wooden desk and chair were the only pieces of furniture in the tiny room.
Looking around, I found a closet on the east wall, and a door leading to a
private bathroom on the north wall. I opened the closet on the right side of the
room. A few changes of clothes, as well as some extra gear were inside. I took a
set of clothes out, and went into the bathroom.

I took off my sweat-clad clothes and propped my sword on the wall. I set my
utility belt, filled with knives, poison needles, and other lethal things, on
the sink counter, and stepped into the shower.

I stood there, leaning on the wall as the comfort of the hot water washed away
the toils of the day and night. I closed my eyes and put my face under the
showerhead, shutting off my senses. I felt... uncomfortable. Today was my 82nd
assassination. But after years of murder and ruthless killing, I still felt the
same strange sensation that I felt 3 years ago.

I was taught to kill my emotions. Any feelings or emotions that I portrayed must
be an act, with the purpose of manipulation to increase the chance of success of
the mission. But as a telepath, much the strength of many of my abilities comes
from emotion. As such, I had to compromise by bottling up any feelings I felt,
and letting them out when I needed them.

I moved my face away from the showerhead and gasped for air. I leaned on the
wall and slowly slid downwards until I was sitting on the shower floor. I put
The warmth of the steady spray of water on my breast, above my heart, felt
comforting as took deep breaths, trying to calm down. The strange sensation, the
strange knot I felt in my heart and the dull ache that emanated from my core
throughtout my body with every heartbeat, slowly went away.

**----**

I sprawled onto my bed, pulling the puffy, warm blankets over my body, still
warm and comfortable from the hot shower. The fake silk pajamas felt nice on my
skin as I hugged the pillow. I grabbed my phone the desk next to the bed, and
checked for notifications: 2 new messages.

<div class="codeblock">
<pre>
From: Captain Andromalus

Message:

Good work today Fem. We have sent an anonymous tip to the authorities on
something happening at President Brian's mansion. The news should propogate in
the morning. You have the next week off, unless a situation arises. Get some
rest. You will be receiving your new alias tomorrow morning at 7 A.M. local
time.

- Andromalus
</pre>
</div>

*A week off? That's shorter than usual.* I moved on to the next message.

<div class="codeblock">
<pre>
From: Revenant Command

Message:

Monetary compensation for the mission has been sent to account number
1000249982A.

Amount added: 25000 UCP
Current balance: 210,553,143 UCP

--

Revenant Command

This message cannot be replied to. If there are any issues, send a message to
issues@c6907ed5229900b36023c1353f45cbe83ffea3a6.onion.
</pre>
</div>

Pretty standard stuff. I set an alarm for 6:30 A.M. and shut off my phone. I
turned the desk lamp off, and pulled the blanket over my head.

**----**

